basic-concepts.md, before:

### Basic Concepts, Terms, and Overviews


#### Modern Javascript Terms and Tooling Overviews

- **State of the Javascript Landscape in 2016**  
  http://www.infoq.com/articles/state-of-javascript-2016  
  A very high-level summary of the important terms and technologies that are used in modern Javascript development.

- **The Hitchiker's Guide to Modern JS Tooling**  
  http://reactkungfu.com/2015/07/the-hitchhikers-guide-to-modern-javascript-tooling/  
  A great overview of many of the most common build tools, package managers, test frameworks, and code quality tools currently in use

- **State of the Art Javascript in 2016**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-and-opinions/state-of-the-art-javascript-in-2016-ab67fc68eb0b  
  An opinionated list of what tools and libraries a modern JS development stack should include, plus links to further resources.

- **The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Modern Front End Development Workflow**  
  http://marcobotto.com/the-hitchhikers-guide-to-the-modern-front-end-development-workflow/  
  A useful overview of the many categories and types of tools used in modern web development.

- **Simplified Javascript Jargon**  
  http://jargon.js.org/  
  An alphabetical list of common terms in the JS world, with very short definitions in the main list and slightly longer descriptions linked for each term.

- **Modern Javascript Development**  
  https://mgadams.com/modern-javascript-development-part-1-d271f3790c1c  
  An overview of how browsers, Javascript, and Javascript frameworks have evolved into today's landscape of tools and technologies
  
- **Making Sense of Front-End Build Tools**  
  https://medium.freecodecamp.com/making-sense-of-front-end-build-tools-3a1b3a87043b  
  An approach to understanding the variety of build tools by categorizing them as "installing" vs "doing"

- **The State of Javascript in 2016: Survey Results**
  http://stateofjs.com/  
  Results from a survey of over 9000 developers, covering use of Javascript tools, technologies, and concepts.
  
- **The (R)Evolution of Web Development**  
  http://blog.isquaredsoftware.com/presentations/2016-10-revolution-of-web-dev/  
  A slideshow giving an overview of web dev history and modern web dev tools, technologies, and trends.
  
- **The State of Javascript**  
  https://youtu.be/5NIL3Epadj0  
  A talk by Jack Franklin, summarizing the state of modern web development.
  
- **Javascript Package Managers 101**  
  https://medium.com/@shubheksha/javascript-package-managers-101-9afd926add0a  
  An overview of what packages and package managers are, some related terms, and how these tools work.
  
  
#### Suggested Learning Approaches

- **A Study Plan to Cure Javascript Fatigue**  
  https://medium.freecodecamp.com/a-study-plan-to-cure-javascript-fatigue-8ad3a54f2eb1  
  The author of the "State of JS 2016" survey gives an excellent step-by-step study plan to use when learning the Javascript ecosystem.

- **React How-To**  
  https://github.com/petehunt/react-howto  
  Pete Hunt, one of React's creators, gives a high-level suggested order to use when learning React-related technologies (React, NPM, bundlers, ES6, routing, and Flux/Redux)

- **Timeline for Learning React**  
  https://daveceddia.com/timeline-for-learning-react/  
  Another high-level suggested timeline for how to approach learning React and related technologies.


#### General Suggestions for Learning

- **Learn the Javascript Ecosystem one package at a time**  
  http://andrewhfarmer.com/npm-sandboxing/  
  Some tips for how to approach learning the JS ecosystem without being overwhelmed.

- **On being overwhelmed with our fast paced industry**  
  http://wesbos.com/overwhelmed-with-web-development/  
  Wes Bos gives advice on how to cut down on noise, avoid "new shiny" syndrome, and still improve your web dev skills
  
- **How to Learn Web Frameworks**  
  https://medium.com/shopify-ux/how-to-learn-web-frameworks-9d447cb71e68  
  Some great advice on how to approach learning web development and frameworks, especially if you're a junior developer.

- **How to keep up: "First do it, then do it right, then do it better"**  
  https://medium.com/@addyosmani/totally-get-your-frustration-ea11adf237e3  
  Advice from Addy Osmani on how to cope with learning new JS technologies
  
- **"Ask HN: Overwhelmed with learning front-end, how do I proceed?"**  
  https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12882816  
  A discussion thread with numerous suggestions for ways to learn front-end technologies.
  
- **Deciding What to Learn / When the Latest Tech Makes You Feel Dumb**  
  http://gedd.ski/post/what-not-to-learn/  
  http://gedd.ski/post/when-tech-makes-you-feel-dumb/  
  A pair of short but excellent posts giving advice on how to deal with tech and information overload.

Commit message:

Copy React Roadmap and React FAQ links

basic-concepts.md, after:

### Basic Concepts, Terms, and Overviews


#### Modern Javascript Terms and Tooling Overviews

- **State of the Javascript Landscape in 2016**  
  http://www.infoq.com/articles/state-of-javascript-2016  
  A very high-level summary of the important terms and technologies that are used in modern Javascript development.

- **The Hitchiker's Guide to Modern JS Tooling**  
  http://reactkungfu.com/2015/07/the-hitchhikers-guide-to-modern-javascript-tooling/  
  A great overview of many of the most common build tools, package managers, test frameworks, and code quality tools currently in use

- **State of the Art Javascript in 2016**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-and-opinions/state-of-the-art-javascript-in-2016-ab67fc68eb0b  
  An opinionated list of what tools and libraries a modern JS development stack should include, plus links to further resources.

- **The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Modern Front End Development Workflow**  
  http://marcobotto.com/the-hitchhikers-guide-to-the-modern-front-end-development-workflow/  
  A useful overview of the many categories and types of tools used in modern web development.

- **Simplified Javascript Jargon**  
  http://jargon.js.org/  
  An alphabetical list of common terms in the JS world, with very short definitions in the main list and slightly longer descriptions linked for each term.

- **Modern Javascript Development**  
  https://mgadams.com/modern-javascript-development-part-1-d271f3790c1c  
  An overview of how browsers, Javascript, and Javascript frameworks have evolved into today's landscape of tools and technologies
  
- **Making Sense of Front-End Build Tools**  
  https://medium.freecodecamp.com/making-sense-of-front-end-build-tools-3a1b3a87043b  
  An approach to understanding the variety of build tools by categorizing them as "installing" vs "doing"

- **The State of Javascript in 2016: Survey Results**
  http://stateofjs.com/  
  Results from a survey of over 9000 developers, covering use of Javascript tools, technologies, and concepts.
  
- **The (R)Evolution of Web Development**  
  http://blog.isquaredsoftware.com/presentations/2016-10-revolution-of-web-dev/  
  A slideshow giving an overview of web dev history and modern web dev tools, technologies, and trends.
  
- **The State of Javascript**  
  https://youtu.be/5NIL3Epadj0  
  A talk by Jack Franklin, summarizing the state of modern web development.
  
- **Javascript Package Managers 101**  
  https://medium.com/@shubheksha/javascript-package-managers-101-9afd926add0a  
  An overview of what packages and package managers are, some related terms, and how these tools work.
  
  
#### Suggested Learning Approaches

- **A Study Plan to Cure Javascript Fatigue**  
  https://medium.freecodecamp.com/a-study-plan-to-cure-javascript-fatigue-8ad3a54f2eb1  
  The author of the "State of JS 2016" survey gives an excellent step-by-step study plan to use when learning the Javascript ecosystem.

- **React How-To**  
  https://github.com/petehunt/react-howto  
  Pete Hunt, one of React's creators, gives a high-level suggested order to use when learning React-related technologies (React, NPM, bundlers, ES6, routing, and Flux/Redux)

- **Timeline for Learning React**  
  https://daveceddia.com/timeline-for-learning-react/  
  Another high-level suggested timeline for how to approach learning React and related technologies.
  
- **React Roadmap**  
  https://github.com/ericdouglas/react-roadmap
  A curated list of free resources to master React Development, in suggested learning order
  
- **React FAQ**  
  https://github.com/timarney/react-faq
  A collection of links to help answer your questions about React, including how to get started


#### General Suggestions for Learning

- **Learn the Javascript Ecosystem one package at a time**  
  http://andrewhfarmer.com/npm-sandboxing/  
  Some tips for how to approach learning the JS ecosystem without being overwhelmed.

- **On being overwhelmed with our fast paced industry**  
  http://wesbos.com/overwhelmed-with-web-development/  
  Wes Bos gives advice on how to cut down on noise, avoid "new shiny" syndrome, and still improve your web dev skills
  
- **How to Learn Web Frameworks**  
  https://medium.com/shopify-ux/how-to-learn-web-frameworks-9d447cb71e68  
  Some great advice on how to approach learning web development and frameworks, especially if you're a junior developer.

- **How to keep up: "First do it, then do it right, then do it better"**  
  https://medium.com/@addyosmani/totally-get-your-frustration-ea11adf237e3  
  Advice from Addy Osmani on how to cope with learning new JS technologies
  
- **"Ask HN: Overwhelmed with learning front-end, how do I proceed?"**  
  https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12882816  
  A discussion thread with numerous suggestions for ways to learn front-end technologies.
  
- **Deciding What to Learn / When the Latest Tech Makes You Feel Dumb**  
  http://gedd.ski/post/what-not-to-learn/  
  http://gedd.ski/post/when-tech-makes-you-feel-dumb/  
  A pair of short but excellent posts giving advice on how to deal with tech and information overload.
