immutable-data.md, before:

### Immutable Data

- **Immutability in Javascript**  
  http://www.sitepoint.com/immutability-javascript/  
  Covers the basic concepts of immutable data in Javascript

- **Immutability in React**  
  http://www.sitepoint.com/immutability-react/  
  Covers the reasons and basic concepts of using immutable data with React

- **Immutable Data Structures and Javascript**  
  http://jlongster.com/Using-Immutable-Data-Structures-in-JavaScript  
  In-depth article covering the value of immutable data, and two common JS libraries

- **Why Should I Care About Immutable Data In React?**  
  http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2903-why-should-i-care-about-immutable-data-in-reactjs.htm  
  Describes the major benefits of using immutable data in React, with a demo

- **Pros and Cons of Using Immutability With React**  
  http://reactkungfu.com/2015/08/pros-and-cons-of-using-immutability-with-react-js/  
  Excellent description of what immutability is, how to use it with React, and pros and cons of using it

- **Short-Circuiting Component Updates in React**  
  http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2904-shouldcomponentupdate-will-short-circuit-an-entire-subtree-of-components-in-reactjs.htm  
  Walks through how to optimize React performance by skipping updates for subtrees

Commit message:

Add "list of immutable libraries" gist

immutable-data.md, after:

### Immutable Data

- **Immutability in Javascript**  
  http://www.sitepoint.com/immutability-javascript/  
  Covers the basic concepts of immutable data in Javascript

- **Immutability in React**  
  http://www.sitepoint.com/immutability-react/  
  Covers the reasons and basic concepts of using immutable data with React

- **Immutable Data Structures and Javascript**  
  http://jlongster.com/Using-Immutable-Data-Structures-in-JavaScript  
  In-depth article covering the value of immutable data, and two common JS libraries

- **List of immutable libraries**
  https://gist.github.com/jlongster/bce43d9be633da55053f
  A follow-up to the previous article with pointers to numerous immutable data libraries

- **Why Should I Care About Immutable Data In React?**  
  http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2903-why-should-i-care-about-immutable-data-in-reactjs.htm  
  Describes the major benefits of using immutable data in React, with a demo

- **Pros and Cons of Using Immutability With React**  
  http://reactkungfu.com/2015/08/pros-and-cons-of-using-immutability-with-react-js/  
  Excellent description of what immutability is, how to use it with React, and pros and cons of using it

- **Short-Circuiting Component Updates in React**  
  http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2904-shouldcomponentupdate-will-short-circuit-an-entire-subtree-of-components-in-reactjs.htm  
  Walks through how to optimize React performance by skipping updates for subtrees
