react-redux-testing.md, before:


### React/Redux Testing

- **Approaches to Testing React Components**  
  http://reactkungfu.com/2015/07/approaches-to-testing-react-components-an-overview/  
  A great starting point to testing, looking at the main ways you can test component structure and state handling
  
- **Simple React/Redux Testing**  
  https://medium.com/@caljrimmer/simple-react-redux-testing-cd579d4c2103  
  Looks at how to test rendering, behavior, and state of an application
  
- **Test Driven React Tutorial**  
  http://spencerdixon.com/blog/test-driven-react-tutorial.html  
  Describes project setup and basic approaches, using the common stack of Webpack+Karma+Mocha+Chai+Sinon
  
- **How to Test React.js Components**  
  https://nemisj.com/how-to-test-react-js-components/  
  Covers what to test, and how to test things like props and shallow rendering
  
- **Unit Testing a Redux App**  
  https://www.codementor.io/reactjs/tutorial/redux-unit-test-mocha-mocking  
  Example ways to test pieces of a Redux app, including actions, reducers, and middleware
  
- **React-Boilerplate Testing Docs**  
  https://github.com/mxstbr/react-boilerplate/blob/v3.0.0/docs/testing/unit-testing.md  
  https://github.com/mxstbr/react-boilerplate/blob/v3.0.0/docs/testing/component-testing.md  
  Useful description of how to use Mocha, Expect, and Enzyme to test React and Redux code
  
- **Testing React Applications**  
  http://12devsofxmas.co.uk/2015/12/day-2-testing-react-applications/  
  A long, in-depth article describing approaches and use of Tape, React TestUtils, and Enzyme
  
- **TDD and React Components**  
  https://medium.com/@nackjicholsonn/tdd-and-react-components-5ae5a9a5a7bf  
  Detailed example of using TDD to design and develop a React component, using Teaspoon for testing

- **Testing Redux Applications**  
  http://randycoulman.com/blog/2016/03/15/testing-redux-applications/  
  http://randycoulman.com/blog/categories/getting-testy/  
  A great writeup on how to specifically deal with testing pieces of a Redux app.  The "Getting Testy" post series also has a lot of really good idea on how to go about writing tests and what kinds of things should be tested.
  
- **Testing with Mocha and Webpack**  
  http://randycoulman.com/blog/2016/03/22/testing-with-mocha-and-webpack/  
  http://randycoulman.com/blog/2016/04/05/more-on-testing-with-mocha-and-webpack/  
  Some excellent information on setting up a good test environment, including use of the mocha-webpack tool.
  
- **Testing React Components with Teaspoon and Unexpected**  
  http://dchambers.github.io/articles/testing-react-components-with-teaspoon-and-unexpected/  
  A short but useful look at a couple testing libraries and ways to use them.

- **Unit Testing React Components and Redux Reducers**  
  http://pebblecode.com/blog/react-redux-unit-testing/  
  Some basic examples for testing reducers and components.
  
- **Getting Started with TDD in React**  
  https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/getting-started-with-tdd-in-react  
  Covers a typical Mocha+Chai+JSDOM+Enzyme setup, talks about why/how/what to test, and walks through several examples.
  
- **Testing React Applications**  
  https://youtu.be/KBhHsYlF4mQ  
  A fantastic talk that goes through many important details of trying to test React components under JSDOM.
  
- **Testing in React: Getting Off the Ground**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/testing-in-react-getting-off-the-ground-5f569f3088a  
  A look at approaches and ways to start testing React components
  
- **Testing React and Redux**  
  http://silvenon.com/testing-react-and-redux/  
  A three-part article that shows how to set up Ava and Babel, then walks through testing Redux code (action creators, reducers, selectors, thunks, and sagas), and React components.
  
- **Testing React Applications Examples**  
  https://github.com/mxstbr/react-testing  
  A repo showcasing how to test various parts of a common React/Redux app using Mocha, expect and enzyme
  
- **Unit Testing Redux Container Components**  
  http://pebblecode.com/blog/testing-redux-containers/  
  Demonstrates techniques for properly testing Redux-connected React components using a mock store.
  
- **React TDD Guide**  
  https://github.com/zpratt/react-tdd-guide  
  A repo with step-by-step commits demonstrating approaches to testing React apps
  
- **Unit Testing React Components that use Redux**  
  http://www.thereformedprogrammer.net/unit-testing-react-components-that-use-redux/  
  Tips on unit testing components that render more Redux-connected components
  
- **Generative Testing using Redux: Reducers**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/generative-testing-your-redux-reducers-326d7368f284  
  A look at using "generative testing" to autoomatically test reducers with varying inputs
  
- **Some Thoughts on Testing React/Redux Applications**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/some-thoughts-on-testing-react-redux-applications-8571fbc1b78f  
  Guidelines and best practices for what and how to test in a React/Redux app
  
- **Test Driving a change to a Redux application - Step by Step**  
  https://medium.com/@kensodev/test-driving-a-change-to-a-react-redux-application-step-by-step-6c8856e7644c  
  Demonstrates a TDD approach to reworking a Redux app feature
  
- **Idiomatic React Testing Patterns**  
  https://gist.github.com/joshdover/235714771d94509a83609b16d232014a  
  https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12087437  
  Several useful patterns for testing React components, with discussion on HN.
 
- **A Step-by-Step TDD Approach on Testing React Components using Enzyme**  
  http://thereignn.ghost.io/a-step-by-step-tdd-approach-on-testing-react-components-using-enzyme/  
  An excellent article covering TDD, React, and Enzyme.
 
- **How to Test React Components Using Jest**  
  https://www.sitepoint.com/test-react-components-jest/  
  An in-depth look at how to set up and use Jest for testing
  
- **Testing with Jest Snapshots: First Impressions**  
  http://benmccormick.org/2016/09/19/testing-with-jest-snapshots-first-impressions/  
  Description of the pros and cons of using Jest's new Snapshot Testing feature

- **Jest Testing Resources**  
  https://facebook.github.io/jest/blog/2016/07/27/jest-14.html  
  https://facebook.github.io/jest/blog/2016/10/03/jest-16.html  
  Announcements of updates to the Facebook Jest testing tool, with links to further articles and information.
  
- **Migrating Ava to Jest**  
  http://browniefed.com/blog/migrating-ava-to-jest/  
  Some quick tips on switching your testing config to use Jest
  
- **React UI Testing with Storybook**  
  https://getstorybook.io/docs/testing/react-ui-testing  
  Looks at using the React Storybook component editor to do UI testing
  
- **Testing React Components with mocha-webpack**  
  https://medium.com/@mmontoya/testing-reactjs-components-with-mocha-webpack-ce7f710d268c  
  Looks at how mocha-webpack can be used to enable faster testing for React components
  
#### General Testing, Tools, and Setup

- **Javascript Testing: Unit vs Functional vs Integration**  
  https://www.sitepoint.com/javascript-testing-unit-functional-integration/  
  A comparison of the various levels of tests you can run, and what roles they play in development.

- **Reddit - "Karma/Mocha/Chai/Sinon setup"**  
  https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/4217x6/ive_spent_six_hours_attempting_to_set_up/  
  Reddit user Cody_Chaos describes his approach to running unit tests under Node with Mocha, and integration tests in a browser with Karma.  Includes several useful config setup snippets.

- **Setting Up Javascript Testing Tools for ES6**  
  http://x-team.com/2016/05/setting-up-javascript-testing-tools-for-es6/  
  Tips on configuring tools to work with ES6 code, and writing tests using ES6
  
- **Keep Calm and Love Javascript Unit Tests - Part 2: Asynchronism**  
  http://www.theodo.fr/blog/2016/06/keep-calm-and-love-javascript-unit-tests-part-2-asynchronism/  
  Useful tips for testing asynchronous behavior under Mocha.
  
- **ESLint Part 1: Exploration**  
  https://blog.scottnonnenberg.com/eslint-part-1-exploration/  
  A solid look at what ESLint is, how you can use it to help keep your code clean, and a number of useful linting plugins that are available.
  
- **Keep Calm and Love Javascript Unit Tests**  
  http://www.theodo.fr/blog/2016/04/keep-calm-and-love-javascript-unit-tests-part-1/  
  http://www.theodo.fr/blog/2016/06/keep-calm-and-love-javascript-unit-tests-part-2-asynchronism/  
  An introduction to using Mocha, Chai, and Sinon to write unit tests for various scenarios.

Commit message:

Updates, 2016-10-23
Add React Native, React Server Rendering, and Static Types pages
Rework MobX page for clarity

react-redux-testing.md, after:


### React/Redux Testing

- **Approaches to Testing React Components**  
  http://reactkungfu.com/2015/07/approaches-to-testing-react-components-an-overview/  
  A great starting point to testing, looking at the main ways you can test component structure and state handling
  
- **Simple React/Redux Testing**  
  https://medium.com/@caljrimmer/simple-react-redux-testing-cd579d4c2103  
  Looks at how to test rendering, behavior, and state of an application
  
- **Test Driven React Tutorial**  
  http://spencerdixon.com/blog/test-driven-react-tutorial.html  
  Describes project setup and basic approaches, using the common stack of Webpack+Karma+Mocha+Chai+Sinon
  
- **How to Test React.js Components**  
  https://nemisj.com/how-to-test-react-js-components/  
  Covers what to test, and how to test things like props and shallow rendering
  
- **Unit Testing a Redux App**  
  https://www.codementor.io/reactjs/tutorial/redux-unit-test-mocha-mocking  
  Example ways to test pieces of a Redux app, including actions, reducers, and middleware
  
- **React-Boilerplate Testing Docs**  
  https://github.com/mxstbr/react-boilerplate/blob/v3.0.0/docs/testing/unit-testing.md  
  https://github.com/mxstbr/react-boilerplate/blob/v3.0.0/docs/testing/component-testing.md  
  Useful description of how to use Mocha, Expect, and Enzyme to test React and Redux code
  
- **Testing React Applications**  
  http://12devsofxmas.co.uk/2015/12/day-2-testing-react-applications/  
  A long, in-depth article describing approaches and use of Tape, React TestUtils, and Enzyme
  
- **TDD and React Components**  
  https://medium.com/@nackjicholsonn/tdd-and-react-components-5ae5a9a5a7bf  
  Detailed example of using TDD to design and develop a React component, using Teaspoon for testing

- **Testing Redux Applications**  
  http://randycoulman.com/blog/2016/03/15/testing-redux-applications/  
  http://randycoulman.com/blog/categories/getting-testy/  
  A great writeup on how to specifically deal with testing pieces of a Redux app.  The "Getting Testy" post series also has a lot of really good idea on how to go about writing tests and what kinds of things should be tested.
  
- **Testing with Mocha and Webpack**  
  http://randycoulman.com/blog/2016/03/22/testing-with-mocha-and-webpack/  
  http://randycoulman.com/blog/2016/04/05/more-on-testing-with-mocha-and-webpack/  
  Some excellent information on setting up a good test environment, including use of the mocha-webpack tool.
  
- **Testing React Components with Teaspoon and Unexpected**  
  http://dchambers.github.io/articles/testing-react-components-with-teaspoon-and-unexpected/  
  A short but useful look at a couple testing libraries and ways to use them.

- **Unit Testing React Components and Redux Reducers**  
  http://pebblecode.com/blog/react-redux-unit-testing/  
  Some basic examples for testing reducers and components.
  
- **Getting Started with TDD in React**  
  https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/getting-started-with-tdd-in-react  
  Covers a typical Mocha+Chai+JSDOM+Enzyme setup, talks about why/how/what to test, and walks through several examples.
  
- **Testing React Applications**  
  https://youtu.be/KBhHsYlF4mQ  
  A fantastic talk that goes through many important details of trying to test React components under JSDOM.
  
- **Testing in React: Getting Off the Ground**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/testing-in-react-getting-off-the-ground-5f569f3088a  
  A look at approaches and ways to start testing React components
  
- **Testing React and Redux**  
  http://silvenon.com/testing-react-and-redux/  
  A three-part article that shows how to set up Ava and Babel, then walks through testing Redux code (action creators, reducers, selectors, thunks, and sagas), and React components.
  
- **Testing React Applications Examples**  
  https://github.com/mxstbr/react-testing  
  A repo showcasing how to test various parts of a common React/Redux app using Mocha, expect and enzyme
  
- **Unit Testing Redux Container Components**  
  http://pebblecode.com/blog/testing-redux-containers/  
  Demonstrates techniques for properly testing Redux-connected React components using a mock store.
  
- **React TDD Guide**  
  https://github.com/zpratt/react-tdd-guide  
  A repo with step-by-step commits demonstrating approaches to testing React apps
  
- **Unit Testing React Components that use Redux**  
  http://www.thereformedprogrammer.net/unit-testing-react-components-that-use-redux/  
  Tips on unit testing components that render more Redux-connected components
  
- **Generative Testing using Redux: Reducers**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/generative-testing-your-redux-reducers-326d7368f284  
  A look at using "generative testing" to autoomatically test reducers with varying inputs
  
- **Some Thoughts on Testing React/Redux Applications**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/some-thoughts-on-testing-react-redux-applications-8571fbc1b78f  
  Guidelines and best practices for what and how to test in a React/Redux app
  
- **Test Driving a change to a Redux application - Step by Step**  
  https://medium.com/@kensodev/test-driving-a-change-to-a-react-redux-application-step-by-step-6c8856e7644c  
  Demonstrates a TDD approach to reworking a Redux app feature
  
- **Idiomatic React Testing Patterns**  
  https://gist.github.com/joshdover/235714771d94509a83609b16d232014a  
  https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12087437  
  Several useful patterns for testing React components, with discussion on HN.
 
- **A Step-by-Step TDD Approach on Testing React Components using Enzyme**  
  http://thereignn.ghost.io/a-step-by-step-tdd-approach-on-testing-react-components-using-enzyme/  
  An excellent article covering TDD, React, and Enzyme.
 
- **How to Test React Components Using Jest**  
  https://www.sitepoint.com/test-react-components-jest/  
  An in-depth look at how to set up and use Jest for testing
  
- **Testing with Jest Snapshots: First Impressions**  
  http://benmccormick.org/2016/09/19/testing-with-jest-snapshots-first-impressions/  
  Description of the pros and cons of using Jest's new Snapshot Testing feature

- **Jest Testing Resources**  
  https://facebook.github.io/jest/blog/2016/07/27/jest-14.html  
  https://facebook.github.io/jest/blog/2016/10/03/jest-16.html  
  Announcements of updates to the Facebook Jest testing tool, with links to further articles and information.
  
- **Migrating Ava to Jest**  
  http://browniefed.com/blog/migrating-ava-to-jest/  
  Some quick tips on switching your testing config to use Jest
  
- **React UI Testing with Storybook**  
  https://getstorybook.io/docs/testing/react-ui-testing  
  Looks at using the React Storybook component editor to do UI testing
  
- **Testing React Components with mocha-webpack**  
  https://medium.com/@mmontoya/testing-reactjs-components-with-mocha-webpack-ce7f710d268c  
  Looks at how mocha-webpack can be used to enable faster testing for React components
  
- **Testing React Components with Enzyme and Mocha**  
  https://ifelse.io/2016/04/04/testing-react-components-with-enzyme-and-mocha/  
  Examples of setting up a Webpack+Mocha test environment, and using Enzyme for implementing tests
  
#### General Testing, Tools, and Setup

- **Javascript Testing: Unit vs Functional vs Integration**  
  https://www.sitepoint.com/javascript-testing-unit-functional-integration/  
  A comparison of the various levels of tests you can run, and what roles they play in development.

- **Reddit - "Karma/Mocha/Chai/Sinon setup"**  
  https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/4217x6/ive_spent_six_hours_attempting_to_set_up/  
  Reddit user Cody_Chaos describes his approach to running unit tests under Node with Mocha, and integration tests in a browser with Karma.  Includes several useful config setup snippets.

- **Setting Up Javascript Testing Tools for ES6**  
  http://x-team.com/2016/05/setting-up-javascript-testing-tools-for-es6/  
  Tips on configuring tools to work with ES6 code, and writing tests using ES6
  
- **Keep Calm and Love Javascript Unit Tests - Part 2: Asynchronism**  
  http://www.theodo.fr/blog/2016/06/keep-calm-and-love-javascript-unit-tests-part-2-asynchronism/  
  Useful tips for testing asynchronous behavior under Mocha.
  
- **ESLint Part 1: Exploration**  
  https://blog.scottnonnenberg.com/eslint-part-1-exploration/  
  A solid look at what ESLint is, how you can use it to help keep your code clean, and a number of useful linting plugins that are available.
  
- **Keep Calm and Love Javascript Unit Tests**  
  http://www.theodo.fr/blog/2016/04/keep-calm-and-love-javascript-unit-tests-part-1/  
  http://www.theodo.fr/blog/2016/06/keep-calm-and-love-javascript-unit-tests-part-2-asynchronism/  
  An introduction to using Mocha, Chai, and Sinon to write unit tests for various scenarios.
