react-tutorials.md, before:

### React Tutorials


#### Basic Introductions

- **React to the Future**  
  http://elijahmanor.com/talks/react-to-the-future/dist/#/  
  A fantastic HTML slideshow describing what React is, what makes it special, and how to work with it
  
- **React Docs Tutorial**  
  https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/tutorial.html  
  The original React tutorial page from the React docs

- **React: Getting Started and Concepts**  
  https://scotch.io/tutorials/learning-react-getting-started-and-concepts  
  Walks through the basics of components, JSX, props/lifecycle, and data flow

- **React.js for Stupid People**  
  http://blog.andrewray.me/reactjs-for-stupid-people/  
  A high-level overview of what React is, and some pros and cons

- **Learn Raw React**  
  http://jamesknelson.com/learn-raw-react-no-jsx-flux-es6-webpack/  
  A ground-up React tutorial that leaves out any other related "modern" technologies,  Very recommended if you want to skip the buzzwords and acronyms.

- **React.js Tutorial and Guide to the Gotchas**  
  https://zapier.com/engineering/react-js-tutorial-guide-gotchas/  
  Excellent look at what React and JSX are, and how to handle components and state. Also some excellent guidelines to be aware of when writing React code.

- **Intro to the React Framework**  
  http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/intro-to-the-react-framework--net-35660  
  Discusses components, JSX, component lifecycle, state/props, and mixins.  Covers an older version of React, but most of the information is still useful.

- **React.js Introduction For People Who Know Just Enough jQuery To Get By**  
  http://reactfordesigners.com/labs/reactjs-introduction-for-people-who-know-just-enough-jquery-to-get-by/  
  A step-by-step tutorial that builds a simple component with jQuery and with React




#### Project-Based Tutorials

- **A Comprehensive Guide to Building Apps with React**  
  http://tylermcginnis.com/reactjs-tutorial-a-comprehensive-guide-to-building-apps-with-react/  
  Walks through the major concepts and API functions in React

- **Hacking with React**  
  http://www.hackingwithreact.com/  
  A hands-on introduction to making a web app using React 0.14, React Router 1.0, ES6, Jest and more.  Book is free to read online, and can also be purchased to get other formats.
  
- **React/Flux Tutorial Part 1: React**  
  http://spapas.github.io/2015/06/05/comprehensive-react-flux-tutorial/  
  Demonstrates building up a CRUD app UI using React
  
- **React Primer (Draft)**  
  https://github.com/mikechau/react-primer-draft  
  A very long and well-written dive into React's concepts.  Note that the "draft" label is accurate - it still says it covers React 0.12 and 0.13, and the non-React sections listed in the Table of Contents are empty.  However, the existing React content is still useful, just be aware that some of the details may be out of date.
  
  
- **React.js Program - React.js Fundamentals**  
  http://courses.reactjsprogram.com/courses/reactjsfundamentals  
  A 12-part text+video course that includes quizzes and a hands-on curriculum.  The Fundamentals course is free, and the site also includes paid courses for other React and Redux-related topics.
  
  
  
#### Paid Courses and Books


- **React.js Program**  
  http://courses.reactjsprogram.com/courses  
  The complete list of paid courses available on the site, including ES6/7 and Redux + Immutable.js.  Courses on React Native and Universal React coming soon.
  
- **React for Beginners**  
  https://reactforbeginners.com/  
  A complete course that teaches how to build full real-world applications.  Includes videos and source code.

Commit message:

Add a variety of additional tutorials and articles

react-tutorials.md, after:

### React Tutorials


#### Basic Introductions

- **React to the Future**  
  http://elijahmanor.com/talks/react-to-the-future/dist/#/  
  A fantastic HTML slideshow describing what React is, what makes it special, and how to work with it
  
- **React Docs Tutorial**  
  https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/tutorial.html  
  The original React tutorial page from the React docs

- **React: Getting Started and Concepts**  
  https://scotch.io/tutorials/learning-react-getting-started-and-concepts  
  Walks through the basics of components, JSX, props/lifecycle, and data flow

- **React.js for Stupid People**  
  http://blog.andrewray.me/reactjs-for-stupid-people/  
  A high-level overview of what React is, and some pros and cons

- **Learn Raw React**  
  http://jamesknelson.com/learn-raw-react-no-jsx-flux-es6-webpack/  
  A ground-up React tutorial that leaves out any other related "modern" technologies,  Very recommended if you want to skip the buzzwords and acronyms.

- **React.js Tutorial and Guide to the Gotchas**  
  https://zapier.com/engineering/react-js-tutorial-guide-gotchas/  
  Excellent look at what React and JSX are, and how to handle components and state. Also some excellent guidelines to be aware of when writing React code.

- **Intro to the React Framework**  
  http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/intro-to-the-react-framework--net-35660  
  Discusses components, JSX, component lifecycle, state/props, and mixins.  Covers an older version of React, but most of the information is still useful.

- **React.js Introduction For People Who Know Just Enough jQuery To Get By**  
  http://reactfordesigners.com/labs/reactjs-introduction-for-people-who-know-just-enough-jquery-to-get-by/  
  A step-by-step tutorial that builds a simple component with jQuery and with React
  
- **Build with React**  
  http://buildwithreact.com/#articles  
  A series of short articles introducing React concepts




#### Project-Based Tutorials

- **A Comprehensive Guide to Building Apps with React**  
  http://tylermcginnis.com/reactjs-tutorial-a-comprehensive-guide-to-building-apps-with-react/  
  Walks through the major concepts and API functions in React

- **Hacking with React**  
  http://www.hackingwithreact.com/  
  A hands-on introduction to making a web app using React 0.14, React Router 1.0, ES6, Jest and more.  Book is free to read online, and can also be purchased to get other formats.
  
- **React/Flux Tutorial Part 1: React**  
  http://spapas.github.io/2015/06/05/comprehensive-react-flux-tutorial/  
  Demonstrates building up a CRUD app UI using React
  
- **Learn React**  
  https://www.kirupa.com/react/index.htm  
  A series of articles that cover a variety of topics, including project setup, components, styling, JSX, state, and more.
  
- **React Primer (Draft)**  
  https://github.com/mikechau/react-primer-draft  
  A very long and well-written dive into React's concepts.  Note that the "draft" label is accurate - it still says it covers React 0.12 and 0.13, and the non-React sections listed in the Table of Contents are empty.  However, the existing React content is still useful, just be aware that some of the details may be out of date.
  
- **React.js Program - React.js Fundamentals**  
  http://courses.reactjsprogram.com/courses/reactjsfundamentals  
  A 12-part text+video course that includes quizzes and a hands-on curriculum.  The Fundamentals course is free, and the site also includes paid courses for other React and Redux-related topics.
  
- **Step by Step Guide to React and Redux**  
  http://satyam.github.io/book-react-redux/  
  A complete guide to building an app with React and Redux, from tool selection to project configuration to server and client code.  (NOTE: Currently in-progress as of May 2016 - only covers project configuration and server-side setup so far, but the content looks promising.)
  
  
#### Paid Courses and Books


- **React.js Program**  
  http://courses.reactjsprogram.com/courses  
  The complete list of paid courses available on the site, including ES6/7 and Redux + Immutable.js.  Courses on React Native and Universal React coming soon.
  
- **React for Beginners**  
  https://reactforbeginners.com/  
  A complete course that teaches how to build full real-world applications.  Includes videos and source code.
