redux-without-react.md, before:

### Using Redux without React


#### Vanilla JS and jQuery

- **Redux without React - State Management in Vanilla Javascript**  
  https://www.sitepoint.com/redux-without-react-state-management-vanilla-javascript/  
  A tutorial teaching Redux usage with a plain JS UI layer on top


#### Angular

- **An Adventure in Redux: building redux-adventure**  
  http://csharperimage.jeremylikness.com/2016/07/an-adventure-in-redux-building-redux.html  
  Builds a small randomized dungeon game using Redux, TypeScript, and Angular 2

- **Building Redux in TypeScript with Angular 2**  
  http://blog.ng-book.com/introduction-to-redux-with-typescript-and-angular-2/  
  An extended tutorial that builds up a mini-Redux in TypeScript, then transitions to building an application

- **Scalable Single-Page Application Architecture with Redux and Angular 2**  
  http://blog.mgechev.com/2016/04/10/scalable-javascript-single-page-app-angular2-application-architecture/  
  An in-depth article covering how to architect an application using Redux, Angular 2, and RxJS.  
  
- **Build a Better Angular 2 Application with Redux and ngrx**  
  http://onehungrymind.com/build-better-angular-2-application-redux-ngrx/  
  An extended article that demonstrates how to build a Redux-based Angular 2 app using the ngrx store implementation.  Some interesting discussion in the comments.
  
- **Real World Angular**  
  https://blog.realworldfullstack.io/real-world-angular-part-4-state-of-my-spa-10bf90c5a15  
  https://blog.realworldfullstack.io/real-world-angular-part-5-light-my-fire-34b0bcb351a8  
  An Angular 2 tutorial that builds an app using Redux and Firebase

- **Managing State in Angular with ngrx/store**  
  https://auth0.com/blog/managing-state-in-angular-with-ngrx-store/  
  A tutorial that demonstrates use of the ngrx/store variation of Redux as part of an Angular app.

- **Web app architecture based on Redux**  
  http://devblog.ztp.pt/web-app-architecture-based-on-redux/  
  https://medium.com/@akaztp/case-study-pt-2-implementing-redux-on-angular-9e79cd4faa37  
  A series of posts describing a modular / layered architecture built around Redux, including a data layer for managing fetching, a business layer using RxJS Epics, and folder structure for Angular components.

- **Getting started with Angular and Redux**  
  https://damienbod.com/2017/09/07/getting-started-with-angular-and-redux/  
  A tutorial that covers setting up an Angular app that uses NgRx for state management.  Recently updated to work with Angular 5.
  
- **Learn Redux in Angular with NgRx Store**  
  https://malcoded.com/posts/angular-ngrx-guide  
  An extensive tutorial that introduces the concept of Redux and its Angular equivalent NgRx/store, and walks through building a small Angular currency conversion app.
  
- **Ultimate Angular: NGRX Store + Effects**  
  https://ultimateangular.com/ngrx-store-effects  
  A free video course from Angular expert Todd Motto.  Covers core Redux concepts, writing a Redux store, the NgRx version of Redux, and how to use the ngrx/effects library for handling side effects.
  
- **NGRX Store: Understanding State Selectors**  
  https://toddmotto.com/ngrx-store-understanding-state-selectors  
  A deep look at how selectors can be used to extract data from a store and transform it as needed by components.
  
- **NGRX Store: Actions vs Action Creators**  
  https://toddmotto.com/ngrx-store-actions-versus-action-creators  
  Describes the reasons for defining actions as constants, namespacing actions, using action creator functions, and defining actions as TypeScript classes
  
- **"ngrx/store vs angular/store"**  
  https://www.reddit.com/r/Angular2/comments/67coeo/ngrxstore_vs_angularreduxstore/  
  Discussion of the differences between ngrx/store and angular/store, with a comparison from an angular/store contributor
  
- **A Beginner's Guide to Ngrx/store**  
  https://medium.com/stratajet-tech/a-beginners-guide-to-ngrx-store-bc2184d6d7f0  
  Describes how ngrx/store implements the Redux pattern using RxJS, and walks through a todo app tutorial
  

#### Ember

- **Why ember redux?**  
  http://toranbillups.com/blog/archive/2017/08/02/why-ember-redux/  
  The author of the ember-redux lib talks about why he likes Redux, and why he prefers using it with Ember.
  
- **The Frontside Podcast: ember-redux and glimmer-redux**  
  https://frontside.io/podcast/055-redux-and-ember-with-toran-billups  
  https://frontside.io/podcast/089-glimmer-redux-with-toran-billups  
  A pair of podcasts with the creator of ember-redux and glimmer-redux
  
  
- **Setting Up Redux + Observables in an Ember App**  
  https://medium.com/@john.sniezek/setting-up-redux-observables-in-an-ember-app-aca9dccdd152  
  A tutorial that shows how to set up ember-redux and add redux-observable.
  
- **Using ember-changeset with ember-redux**  
  https://emberway.io/using-ember-changeset-with-ember-redux-200a7e46c59a  
  Examples of using a tool called ember-changeset to handle in-progress form edits in conjunction with the ember-redux bindings.
  
  
#### Aurelia

- **Managing State in Aurelia: How to Use Aurelia with Redux**  
  https://www.sitepoint.com/managing-state-aurelia-with-redux/  
  A tutorial that builds a small Markdown editor three ways: pure Aurelia with data binding, Aurelia with Redux to manage state, and then implementation of undo/redo on top.
  
- **Managing State in Aurelia: How to Use Aurelia with Redux**  
  https://www.sitepoint.com/managing-state-aurelia-with-redux/  
  Covers setting up a standard Aurelia app, adding Redux, and use of redux-undo with the example.
  
#### Other

- **Explorations in Adapting Redux to C#**  
  https://spin.atomicobject.com/2017/03/13/adapting-redux-c-sharp-xamarin/  
  An informative look at how AtomicObject has a Redux variant in C#
  
- **Something Useless - Redux Implemented in Elixir**  
  http://hostiledeveloper.com/2017/04/18/something-useless-redux-implemented-in-elixir.html  
  An Elixir developor walks through implementing Redux in Elixir
  
- **Advanced Redux in Xamarin**  
  https://medium.com/pageup-tech/advanced-redux-in-xamarin-part-1-action-creators-19cb257093d2  
  https://medium.com/pageup-tech/advanced-redux-in-xamarin-part-2-persistent-actions-middleware-2c1c684328a  
  https://medium.com/pageup-tech/advanced-redux-in-xamarin-part-3-database-middleware-5dac7b5ee6ba  
  
  Discusses how to use a C# implementation of Reedux, including the concepts of action creators and thunks, implementing persistence via middleware, and interacting with a database.

- **Coupling a Stencil TODO app with Redux**  
  https://www.javascripttuts.com/coupling-a-stencil-todo-app-with-redux/  
  A tutorial that updates an existing Stencil Todo app to use Redux
  
- **Getting started with Redux in Swift**  
  https://medium.com/mackmobile/getting-started-with-redux-in-swift-54e00f323e2b  
  An overview of how to use the ReSwift library as part of an iOS app.

- **Cedux: Experimenting with the Redux Model in C for Managing State**  
  https://spin.atomicobject.com/2017/11/27/redux-model-in-c-cedux/  
  Examples of an experimental implementation of Redux in C
  
- **Lessons learned implementing Redux on Android**  
  https://blog.pusher.com/lessons-learned-implementing-redux-on-android/  
  Recaps experiences from using a Redux-based approach in Android apps using Kotlin

- **How to use Redux with Polymer**  
  https://medium.com/@jalalio/step-1-how-to-use-redux-with-polymer-2-7bcfaee6fdb3  
  https://medium.com/@jalalio/step-2-how-to-structure-larger-polymer-2-apps-with-redux-reselect-f588e64a191a  
  https://medium.com/@jalalio/step-3-how-to-make-async-api-calls-in-a-polymer-2-app-using-redux-thunk-middleware-c71d596c2005  
  A 3-part series that shows how to use the polymer-redux bindings, including basic setup, use of Reselect, and async API calls.
  
- **Building an F# Redux Store for C# Xamarin Apps**  
  https://thomasbandt.com/fsharp-redux-store-for-xamarin-apps  
  Discusses why Redux's predictability is beneficial for applications in general, desired behavior for a .NET implementation of Redux, why C# is a poor choice for an implementation, and how to implement Redux using F#.

Commit message:

Restored some links with new URLs

redux-without-react.md, after:

### Using Redux without React


#### Vanilla JS and jQuery

- **Redux without React - State Management in Vanilla Javascript**  
  https://www.sitepoint.com/redux-without-react-state-management-vanilla-javascript/  
  A tutorial teaching Redux usage with a plain JS UI layer on top


#### Angular

- **An Adventure in Redux: building redux-adventure**  
  http://csharperimage.jeremylikness.com/2016/07/an-adventure-in-redux-building-redux.html  
  Builds a small randomized dungeon game using Redux, TypeScript, and Angular 2

- **Building Redux in TypeScript with Angular 2**  
  http://blog.ng-book.com/introduction-to-redux-with-typescript-and-angular-2/  
  An extended tutorial that builds up a mini-Redux in TypeScript, then transitions to building an application

- **Scalable Single-Page Application Architecture with Redux and Angular 2**  
  http://blog.mgechev.com/2016/04/10/scalable-javascript-single-page-app-angular2-application-architecture/  
  An in-depth article covering how to architect an application using Redux, Angular 2, and RxJS.  
  
- **Build a Better Angular 2 Application with Redux and ngrx**  
  http://onehungrymind.com/build-better-angular-2-application-redux-ngrx/  
  An extended article that demonstrates how to build a Redux-based Angular 2 app using the ngrx store implementation.  Some interesting discussion in the comments.
  
- **Real World Angular**  
  https://blog.realworldfullstack.io/real-world-angular-part-4-state-of-my-spa-10bf90c5a15  
  https://blog.realworldfullstack.io/real-world-angular-part-5-light-my-fire-34b0bcb351a8  
  An Angular 2 tutorial that builds an app using Redux and Firebase

- **Managing State in Angular with ngrx/store**  
  https://auth0.com/blog/managing-state-in-angular-with-ngrx-store/  
  A tutorial that demonstrates use of the ngrx/store variation of Redux as part of an Angular app.

- **Web app architecture based on Redux**  
  http://devblog.ztp.pt/web-app-architecture-based-on-redux/  
  https://medium.com/@akaztp/case-study-pt-2-implementing-redux-on-angular-9e79cd4faa37  
  A series of posts describing a modular / layered architecture built around Redux, including a data layer for managing fetching, a business layer using RxJS Epics, and folder structure for Angular components.

- **NgRx Antipatterns**  
  https://brianflove.com/2017-11-01/ngrx-anti-patterns/
  Examples of some ways to improve poor NgRx usage patterns.

- **Getting started with Angular and Redux**  
  https://damienbod.com/2017/09/07/getting-started-with-angular-and-redux/  
  A tutorial that covers setting up an Angular app that uses NgRx for state management.  Recently updated to work with Angular 5.
  
- **Learn Redux in Angular with NgRx Store**  
  https://malcoded.com/posts/angular-ngrx-guide  
  An extensive tutorial that introduces the concept of Redux and its Angular equivalent NgRx/store, and walks through building a small Angular currency conversion app.
  
- **Ultimate Angular: NGRX Store + Effects**  
  https://ultimateangular.com/ngrx-store-effects  
  A free video course from Angular expert Todd Motto.  Covers core Redux concepts, writing a Redux store, the NgRx version of Redux, and how to use the ngrx/effects library for handling side effects.
  
- **NGRX Store: Understanding State Selectors**  
  https://toddmotto.com/ngrx-store-understanding-state-selectors  
  A deep look at how selectors can be used to extract data from a store and transform it as needed by components.
  
- **NGRX Store: Actions vs Action Creators**  
  https://toddmotto.com/ngrx-store-actions-versus-action-creators  
  Describes the reasons for defining actions as constants, namespacing actions, using action creator functions, and defining actions as TypeScript classes
  
- **"ngrx/store vs angular/store"**  
  https://www.reddit.com/r/Angular2/comments/67coeo/ngrxstore_vs_angularreduxstore/  
  Discussion of the differences between ngrx/store and angular/store, with a comparison from an angular/store contributor
  
- **A Beginner's Guide to Ngrx/store**  
  https://medium.com/stratajet-tech/a-beginners-guide-to-ngrx-store-bc2184d6d7f0  
  Describes how ngrx/store implements the Redux pattern using RxJS, and walks through a todo app tutorial
  

#### Ember

- **Why ember redux?**  
  http://toranbillups.com/blog/archive/2017/08/02/why-ember-redux/  
  The author of the ember-redux lib talks about why he likes Redux, and why he prefers using it with Ember.
  
- **The Frontside Podcast: ember-redux and glimmer-redux**  
  https://frontside.io/podcast/055-redux-and-ember-with-toran-billups  
  https://frontside.io/podcast/089-glimmer-redux-with-toran-billups  
  A pair of podcasts with the creator of ember-redux and glimmer-redux
  
  
- **Setting Up Redux + Observables in an Ember App**  
  https://medium.com/@john.sniezek/setting-up-redux-observables-in-an-ember-app-aca9dccdd152  
  A tutorial that shows how to set up ember-redux and add redux-observable.
  
- **Using ember-changeset with ember-redux**  
  https://emberway.io/using-ember-changeset-with-ember-redux-200a7e46c59a  
  Examples of using a tool called ember-changeset to handle in-progress form edits in conjunction with the ember-redux bindings.
  
  
#### Aurelia

- **Managing State in Aurelia: How to Use Aurelia with Redux**  
  https://www.sitepoint.com/managing-state-aurelia-with-redux/  
  A tutorial that builds a small Markdown editor three ways: pure Aurelia with data binding, Aurelia with Redux to manage state, and then implementation of undo/redo on top.
  
- **Managing State in Aurelia: How to Use Aurelia with Redux**  
  https://www.sitepoint.com/managing-state-aurelia-with-redux/  
  Covers setting up a standard Aurelia app, adding Redux, and use of redux-undo with the example.
  
- **Why Aurelia and Redux is a natural and powerful combination**  
  https://www.cognizantsoftvision.com/blog/aurelia-redux/
  Thoughts on the benefits of Aurelia compared to other frameworks, and examples of how to use Redux in an Aurelia app.

#### Other

- **Explorations in Adapting Redux to C#**  
  https://spin.atomicobject.com/2017/03/13/adapting-redux-c-sharp-xamarin/  
  An informative look at how AtomicObject has a Redux variant in C#
  
- **Something Useless - Redux Implemented in Elixir**  
  http://hostiledeveloper.com/2017/04/18/something-useless-redux-implemented-in-elixir.html  
  An Elixir developor walks through implementing Redux in Elixir
  
- **Advanced Redux in Xamarin**  
  https://medium.com/pageup-tech/advanced-redux-in-xamarin-part-1-action-creators-19cb257093d2  
  https://medium.com/pageup-tech/advanced-redux-in-xamarin-part-2-persistent-actions-middleware-2c1c684328a  
  https://medium.com/pageup-tech/advanced-redux-in-xamarin-part-3-database-middleware-5dac7b5ee6ba  
  
  Discusses how to use a C# implementation of Reedux, including the concepts of action creators and thunks, implementing persistence via middleware, and interacting with a database.

- **Coupling a Stencil TODO app with Redux**  
  https://www.javascripttuts.com/coupling-a-stencil-todo-app-with-redux/  
  A tutorial that updates an existing Stencil Todo app to use Redux
  
- **Getting started with Redux in Swift**  
  https://medium.com/mackmobile/getting-started-with-redux-in-swift-54e00f323e2b  
  An overview of how to use the ReSwift library as part of an iOS app.

- **Cedux: Experimenting with the Redux Model in C for Managing State**  
  https://spin.atomicobject.com/2017/11/27/redux-model-in-c-cedux/  
  Examples of an experimental implementation of Redux in C
  
- **Lessons learned implementing Redux on Android**  
  https://blog.pusher.com/lessons-learned-implementing-redux-on-android/  
  Recaps experiences from using a Redux-based approach in Android apps using Kotlin

- **How to use Redux with Polymer**  
  https://medium.com/@jalalio/step-1-how-to-use-redux-with-polymer-2-7bcfaee6fdb3  
  https://medium.com/@jalalio/step-2-how-to-structure-larger-polymer-2-apps-with-redux-reselect-f588e64a191a  
  https://medium.com/@jalalio/step-3-how-to-make-async-api-calls-in-a-polymer-2-app-using-redux-thunk-middleware-c71d596c2005  
  A 3-part series that shows how to use the polymer-redux bindings, including basic setup, use of Reselect, and async API calls.
  
- **Building an F# Redux Store for C# Xamarin Apps**  
  https://thomasbandt.com/fsharp-redux-store-for-xamarin-apps  
  Discusses why Redux's predictability is beneficial for applications in general, desired behavior for a .NET implementation of Redux, why C# is a poor choice for an implementation, and how to implement Redux using F#.
