webpack-tutorials.md, before:


### Webpack Tutorials

- **SurviveJS**  
  http://survivejs.com/  
  A full book online book that covers setting up Webpack, developing using React and Flux, and using ESLint for code quality

- **SurviveJS - Webpack**  
  http://survivejs.com/webpack/  
  A follow-up book focused on Webpack usage.  Still a work in progress, but good.

- **Beginner's Guide to Webpack**  
  https://medium.com/@dabit3/beginner-s-guide-to-webpack-b1f1a3638460  
  A walkthrough for getting started with a Webpack dev setup

- **Webpack - The Module Bundler**  
  http://alp82.github.io/webpack-experiment-slides/#/  
  HTML slideshow that describes Webpack's features and links to demos

- **Webpack Your Bags**  
  http://blog.madewithlove.be/post/webpack-your-bags/  
  In-depth article describing what Webpack is, why you would want to use it, and how to set it up

- **Webpack + React is Awesome**  
  http://www.christianalfoni.com/articles/2014_12_13_Webpack-and-react-is-awesome  
  Another tutorial explaining how to use and set up Webpack

- **Beginner Webpack Tutorial**  
  https://github.com/AriaFallah/WebpackTutorial/tree/master/part1  
  Very well-written tutorial that steps through the many pieces in a typical Webpack config, how to configure them, and what they're used for.  (Two parts so far, more to come.)

- **Learn Webpack**  
  https://github.com/danderu/learn-webpack  
  A repository with examples and exercises to learn webpack for newbies

- **Webpack: The Confusing Parts**  
  https://medium.com/@rajaraodv/webpack-the-confusing-parts-58712f8fcad9  
  A great simplification and breakdown of the different pieces that make up a Webpack configuration: dev vs prod, CLI vs dev-server, the "entry" option, the "output" option / "path" vs "publicPath", loaders and configuration, Babel, plugins, and path resolving.

- **Unpacking Webpack**  
  http://blog.tighten.co/unpacking-webpack  
  A useful overview of what Webpack can do and why you would want to use it.

- **Utilizing Webpack and Babel to build a React.js App**  
  http://tylermcginnis.com/react-js-tutorial-1-5-utilizing-webpack-and-babel-to-build-a-react-js-app/  
  A lesson from a larger course on React.  Covers basic Webpack concepts and setup.

Commit message:

Add a number of Webpack articles

webpack-tutorials.md, after:

### Webpack Tutorials


#### Basic Tutorials
- **SurviveJS**  
  http://survivejs.com/  
  A full book online book that covers setting up Webpack, developing using React and Flux, and using ESLint for code quality

- **SurviveJS - Webpack**  
  http://survivejs.com/webpack/  
  A follow-up book focused on Webpack usage.  Still a work in progress, but good.

- **Beginner's Guide to Webpack**  
  https://medium.com/@dabit3/beginner-s-guide-to-webpack-b1f1a3638460  
  A walkthrough for getting started with a Webpack dev setup

- **Webpack - The Module Bundler**  
  http://alp82.github.io/webpack-experiment-slides/#/  
  HTML slideshow that describes Webpack's features and links to demos

- **Webpack Your Bags**  
  http://blog.madewithlove.be/post/webpack-your-bags/  
  In-depth article describing what Webpack is, why you would want to use it, and how to set it up

- **Webpack + React is Awesome**  
  http://www.christianalfoni.com/articles/2014_12_13_Webpack-and-react-is-awesome  
  Another tutorial explaining how to use and set up Webpack

- **Beginner Webpack Tutorial**  
  https://github.com/AriaFallah/WebpackTutorial/tree/master/part1  
  Very well-written tutorial that steps through the many pieces in a typical Webpack config, how to configure them, and what they're used for.  (Two parts so far, more to come.)

- **Learn Webpack**  
  https://github.com/danderu/learn-webpack  
  A repository with examples and exercises to learn webpack for newbies

- **Unpacking Webpack**  
  http://blog.tighten.co/unpacking-webpack  
  A useful overview of what Webpack can do and why you would want to use it.

- **Utilizing Webpack and Babel to build a React.js App**  
  http://tylermcginnis.com/react-js-tutorial-1-5-utilizing-webpack-and-babel-to-build-a-react-js-app/  
  A lesson from a larger course on React.  Covers basic Webpack concepts and setup.
  
- **Introduction to Webpack**  
  http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/introduction-to-webpack-part-1--cms-25791
  http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/introduction-to-webpack-part-2--cms-25911
  Covers basic setup, loaders, managing styles and images, and more.
  
  
  
#### Configuration Terms and Concepts

- **Webpack: The Confusing Parts**  
  https://medium.com/@rajaraodv/webpack-the-confusing-parts-58712f8fcad9  
  A great simplification and breakdown of the different pieces that make up a Webpack configuration: dev vs prod, CLI vs dev-server, the "entry" option, the "output" option / "path" vs "publicPath", loaders and configuration, Babel, plugins, and path resolving.
  

- **Webpack Series Part 1: Some Configs Explained**  
  http://tomasalabes.me/blog/_site/web-development/2016/04/30/Webpack-Series-Part-1.html  
  Describes a number of Webpack config options, including "noParse", "libraryTarget", and "externals"
